Now we can start creating our background.
Now the first thing we're going to do is we're going to brainstorm.
We need to brainstorm what this background is going to be and what it's going to look like.
One of my favorite places to come to to get inspiration for my background is or any of my artwork is
Pinterest.
You can see I've done an image search for game design and it's brought up some really cool looking artwork
.
Now we can't use any of this artwork or copy it because this is other artists artwork but we can use
it to get some ideas some style looks and some color schemes.
We can also do it.
You can also create your own pinboard and pin things to your board that are only in the style that you're
looking for.
So this is my pinboard And as you can see everything is very similar and look and style.
We can also do an image search.
So right now I've done a search for treehouses on Google.
I also did one on world travel and you can see it brings up some really cool looking places and can
really give you some great ideas.
Now when you're creating a background for an animation or a game there is usually some criteria for
me I know I want my background for this course to have something to do with water probably an ocean
and I want it to look tropical and I also want there to be some sort of tree house type buildings in
there and that's why I've done a search on World Travel and cool treehouses.
I could probably even do an image search on the ocean.
This might be your first time on creating a background so you might just want to follow along with me
and not create and design your own background.
But if you do go ahead and start brainstorming for your own background if not you can just follow along
with me and copy what I do.
But hopefully by the end of this course the goal is that you will be able to create your own digital
backgrounds with your own designs.